# This is my Blog Post
------

I have been interested in seeing what Algorithmic design in randomness can bring art into coding. Coding is generally seen as a technique to shove computational problems and bring up solutions efficiently, but sometimes we seem to forget that coding is also an expression of art. It brings art into the world of math, algorithm and physics and produce artworks that even we as the producers can not anticipated. I really enjoy the process of creative coding. I like to see how far algorithmic expression can bring me to the world of unexpected but astonishing accidents. When I was writing down my codes, I felt comfortable with letting go the control of my codes, writing “random()” to see what would happen and making changes accordingly. I would first anticipate what would mainly happen and set a “safe” number to see the result. (I would probably write something like random(1,10) or for (var i = 0; i<300; I ++).) But when I feel it’s time to make some changes, I would play around with my codes, change the numbers, or change the “true” into “false”, or change the positive “+” into negative “-“ to see what would happen. 

It’s also interesting to discuss to what extent we should give up the agency of our own and let go of control. I tried to figure out where the bottom line is when we were making art. But the bottom line in every art piece seems to be different varied by who the audience is and where and when he/she look into the art piece. It’s just another demonstration on "everyone has a different taste. "

I am a big fan of Yayoi Kusama. I really like the way she expresses herself and her projection of the connection between people and society into her artworks. I believe that creating coding as an art can also bring the element of your own expression of art. 
